The Arabic Language
My dear friend Mona, can I know your opinion on some points related to the Arabic language?
Of course, Reem. I love this kind of conversation.
Good. When did the Arabic language appear?
The Arabic language appeared many years ago.
Historians have pointed out that it is one of the most prominent languages,
and it is the oldest group of languages in the world.
Why is learning the Arabic language so difficult?
It is not like that.
The diversity of Arabic language sciences,
from literature to communication, grammar and grammar,
to beauty and expression, and multiple singularities,
make some people afraid of learning them.
While it is one of the most powerful and easy languages to learn,
it only requires determination and persistence to learn and master it.
Do you know why the Arabic language is called the language of the opposite?
Yes, of course.
This name is re-used in the Arabic language,
because it is the only language in the world that has the letter of the opposite.
I see you always get high marks in the Arabic language,
and the teacher describes you as a lover of the Arabic language.
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it,
and made it the language of the Holy Quran,
and the language of the Master of Messengers,
and it is the main language of Islam,
and the language of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Shukran laki ya Muna!